•





Agreement for Recruitment Services

This recruitment Agreement is made on the 02/09/2021

Between

CP. PLACMENTS
9-58/1, Ramanagar, Tadigadapa,
Vijayawada -521137
(hereaft er, referred to as the Consultant )

And

Riddhi Corporate Services Limited No.623, First Floor,
Azee z Center,Annasalai
Chennai -- 600006	.
Scope of Work

The consultant has been engaged by the client to provide specific search serv ices to th e organization during the stipulated contract period in ord1 r to source the communicated manpower needs for the client Organization within this duration .
BUSINESS TERMS & CONDITIONS

Professional fees
:
The consultant will charge Rs. 700/- for the cand idate. This fee applicable to all th e positions shared by the client irrespect ive of experi ence levels.

Replacement guarantee

If the selected candidate resigns  from the services on  hi s/ her own will within th€i  first 60
days of joining the consultant will given free r2 ;luce 1ent. Payment schedules
Consultant will raise the invoic e to the client after GO d;.,ys c f cand idat e joining with client and client will clear t he payment within 15 days of invoic e elate.
Correspondence with candidates
 
•
•


All correspondence with candidates including interview scheduling will be the responsibility of the Consultant. The client will send information of a candidates selection / rejection to the consultant, and it will be the responsibility of the Consultant to inform the Candidates accordingly.
Offer letter to the candidates

Upon the completion of the selection decision, the Client will inform the candidate of th e selection through the Consultant. Client will issue an offer letter to the candidate and upon his/her acceptance;
Screening

The Consultant will do the 1st level screening and only candidates only candidates wh o satisfy the criteria of requirements should be sent to the client.
Validity of terms

This Agreement shall be effective from 2nd September 2021 and be valid for a period of one year and unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms specified hereunder.
Termination

This agreement will terminate on the happening of any one or more of the following events: on the expiry of its term or if either party terminates this agreement by giving a prior notice of two weeks in writing to the other party or by mutual consent of the parties, without assigning any reason what soever.


ACCEPTANCE

I have read your terms and condition s, and agree to abide by them

For		Riddhi Corporate Services Ltd



Name & Designation


For Vendor details Managing Partner
f<_&J.c-lCJJ 7
